#summary Frequently asked questions.
#labels Featured

=== I like it! What's the story? ===

Pidgin Embedded Video is the first plugin we have written. It all began in the summer of 2009 when the idea for this plugin had caught our fancy. We developed it in our spare time. Furthermore, as we read some documentation, we realized that it isn't so hard to do it. We like to work on it and as far as there are new improvements to be done, we will dedicate enough time. We hope you will enjoy it!

We are open to new ideas and ready to get things better! Whether you have an idea of improving this project or something new and you think we can help you, feel free to contact us!

=== What magic libraries does your plugin use to play the video? ==

There is nothing totally unusual. We are using [http://live.gnome.org/WebKitGtk WebKit/GTK+]. We like it because there is an increasing interest in its development.

=== Why doesn't your plugin detect a video link I've just received? ===

Did you check if the site is currently supported? If it is, we could have a bug in our regular expressions. Please tell us about it by opening [http://code.google.com/p/pidgin-embeddedvideo/issues/list a new issue].

=== Why am I seeing a big white space instead of a video? ===

The most common cause of this is that you don't have Adobe Flash Player installed. But if you have it, we could have a bug. Tell us about it.

=== How do I set the videos to be hidden by default? ===

Go to the "[http://code.google.com/p/pidgin-embeddedvideo/wiki/Screenshots#Configuration Configure Plugin]" menu and deselect the "Show every video instantly" option. Thereby, videos will be hidden by default. You can watch them by clicking on the toggle button (the little arrow).

=== I want support for a new video site. What can I do? ===

If you want a new video site which is not supported, please feel free to ask for it by opening [http://code.google.com/p/pidgin-embeddedvideo/issues/list a new issue].